Add example for --solution-folder (#21866)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-sln.md

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet sln todo.sln remove (ls -r **/*.csproj)
  ```

- Create a solution, a console app, and two class libraries. Add the projects to the solution, and use the `--solution-folder` option of `dotnet sln` to organize the class libraries into a solution folder.

  ```dotnetcli
  dotnet new sln -n mysolution
  dotnet new console -o myapp
  dotnet new classlib -o mylib1
  dotnet new classlib -o mylib2
  dotnet sln mysolution.sln add myapp\myapp.csproj
  dotnet sln mysolution.sln add mylib1\mylib1.csproj --solution-folder mylibs
  dotnet sln mysolution.sln add mylib2\mylib2.csproj --solution-folder mylibs
  ```

>   The following screen shot shows the result in Visual Studio 2019 **Solution Explorer**:

Reviewer: style guide says it's one word.
```suggestion
  The following screenshot shows the result in Visual Studio 2019 **Solution Explorer**:
```
